The U.S. is IMF’s largest shareholder.
My story is a lot like yours, only more interesting 'cause it involves bitcoin.
Roses are red, violets are blue, I just solo mined this block from my CPU.
What do you find in a cloud's shorts? Thunderpants!
If we say that we have fellowship with him, and walk in darkness, we lie, and do not the truth
Praise him, ye heavens of heavens, and ye waters that be above the heavens.
Colour is not an indicator for the taste or ripeness in cranberries
The longest distance a deepwater lobster has been recorded to travel is 225 miles
The word “salary” comes from salt payments.
Everyone has their down days. Don't take it out on innocent bystanders.
What's a reporter's favorite food? Ice cream because they always want a scoop!
When in doubt, just take the next small step.
Mommy doesn’t get drunk, she just has fun.
The Fed is a private bank network with public oversight.
The S in Harry S. Truman did not stand for anything.
44% of kids watch television before they go to sleep
Victory shall be mine!
The word "toy" comes from an old English word that means "tool."
Copper prices affect coin production.
Things are just things. Don't get too attached to them.
But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
The U.S. once printed $100,000 bills for bank use only.
Between 2 and 3 jockeys are killed each year in horse racing.
Men in their early twenties shave an average of four times a week
Never let your Mother cut your hair.
One out of 20 people have an extra rib
I don't understand evolution, and I have to protect my kids from understanding it!
Do a bit more for your friends.
Instead of a Birthday Cake, many Russian children are given a Birthday Pie
U.S. Mint was founded in 1792.
Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize? He was outstanding in his field.
If you are ever in doubt about whether or not to wash your hair: Wash it.
How do you stop a charging bull? Take away its credit card!
Put a piece of kitchen roll in with your bag of leaves to make them last longer.
Roses are red Poppies are red The grass is red Oh no my yard is on fire
Never cut your own fringe.
You will always regret the round of Tequila.
Dipsomania refers to an insatiable craving for alcoholic beverages
6:30 is the best time on a clock... hands down.
I'm easy to make happy! Which is why nobody gives a shit if I am.
The name of the girl on the statue of liberty is Mother of Exiles.
Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper would make them sneeze!
Surely I am more brutish than any man, and have not the understanding of a man.
I am not afraid of the unknown. My path runs straight into the void on a SICK FLAMING CHARIOT!
Germany had hyperinflation in 1923.
The UK pound is the oldest currency still used.
Your boos mean nothing. I have seen what makes you cheer.
You're not the cause of your parents' misery. You're just a symptom of it.
I'll probably be sad for the rest of my life. But besides that, I'm good.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
Jefferson invented the dumbwaiter, the monetary system, and the folding attic ladder.
If any man have ears to hear, let him hear.
Blueberry Jelly Bellies were created especially for Ronald Reagan.
I would seek unto God, and unto God would I commit my cause
Bretton Woods pegged the dollar to gold at $35/oz.
Try buying a coffee for the creator of a free public API, now and then.
Reserve requirements limit bank lending.
The first Bitcoin price was $0.003.
Dude, sucking is the first step to being sorta good at something.
No piece of paper can be folded in half more than 7 times
Build something out of LEGO.
For we brought nothing into this world, and it is certain we can carry nothing out.
Avoid mixing Ginger Nuts with other biscuits, they contaminate. Keep separated.
What the deuce.
Inflation erodes currency purchasing power.
The whole world must learn of our peaceful ways...by force!
A problem shared is a problem halved.
I'm sure that in 20 years there will either be very large transaction volume or no volume.
There are 1 million ants for every human in the world.
First U.S. debt ceiling set in 1917.
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit. Employ correctly with apt timing.
Bretton Woods fixed gold at $35/oz.
Responsibility demands sacrifice.
I don’t know how to use a microwave.
Why don't blind people like to skydive? Because it scares the dog.
The U.S. penny costs more to make than it’s worth.
The symbol on the "pound" key (#) is called an octothorpe..
The king of hearts is the only king without a mustache.
Gold certificates were once redeemable.
Happiness is a journey, not a destination.
Most things done in secrecy are better left undone.
Andrew Jackson killed the Second U.S. Bank.
Once in a while, eat some sweets you used to enjoy when you were younger.
India demonetized ₹500 and ₹1,000 notes in 2016.
Do not compare yourself with others.
The ECB was founded in 1998.
If it ain't broke don't fix it.
Alway do anything for love, but don't do that.
When you're looking up at birds flying overhead, keep your mouth closed.
U.S. bills used to have large-size designs.
Mt. Gox was once the biggest Bitcoin exchange
China created the yuan in 1948.
Fulfil ye my joy, that ye be likeminded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind.
But wilt thou know, O vain man, that faith without works is dead?
In a lifetime the average human produces enough quarts of spit to fill 2 swimming pools.
Don't drink bleach.
Never pay full price for a sofa at DFS.
Sometimes it's best to ignore other people's advice.
Most things are not as bad as you think they are.
Big things have small beginnings.
Silver coins vanished from U.S. change in 1965.
Try making a list.
The U.S. dollar left the gold standard in 1971.
If I let you make me nervous, then we can't get schwifty.
Most lipstick contains fish scales!
If you have the chance, take it!
Spain leads the world in cork production
U.S. had no income tax before 1913.
Walking is a perfectly valid solution to traffic congestion problems.
Glass-Steagall Act separated banks in 1933.
Zimbabwe hyperinflation hit 79.6 billion percent.
In the day that thy walls are to be built, in that day shall the decree be far removed.
Repo markets provide short-term liquidity.
Smokers are twice as likely to develop lower back pain than non-smokers
Just because you are offended, doesn't mean you are right.
Why did the chicken cross the road half-way? She wanted to lay it on the line.
One of the top five regrets people have is that they didn't stay in contact with friends.
We're all going to die. Come watch TV.
Mobile banking started in Africa.
Most things look better when you put them in a circle.
How do you confuse a fish? You put it in a bowl and tell it go to a corner!
The first ATM appeared in 1967 in London.
Difficulty just increased by 4 times, so now your cost is US$0.02/BTC.
Hyperinflation often leads to barter systems.
What are caterpillars afraid of? DOGerpillars!
Basel Accords set global bank standards.
Diners Club issued the first charge card.
Every three days a human stomach gets a new lining
Two pretzels.. Two pretzels went walking down the street, one was "assaulted"
E-money is not the same as cryptocurrency.
The IMF was created in 1944 at Bretton Woods.
The largest gold coin is 1,000 kg.
Shut up and take my money!
Why are bears so hairy ? They don't have salons in the jungle !
The Hunt brothers tried to corner silver in 1980.
The 1934 gold recall ended redemption.
Why did the frog call his insurance company? He had a jump in his car.
The average American/Canadian will eat about 11.9 pounds of cereal per year!
The U.S. Mint was founded in 1792.
Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means. The Lord be with you all.
Am I my feelings? Do I exist simply because I can’t stop feeling?
Hey! Do I preach at you when you're laying in the gutter stoned? No!
$500 and $1,000 bills were last printed in 1945.
Weatherman Willard Scott was the first original Ronald McDonald.
The London Gold Fix sets daily gold price.
Knock knock - Who's there? - Impatient cow. - Impatient co- - He already left.
Make choices and dont look back.
James Bond`s car had three different license plates in Goldfinger
What do you call an effeminate dwarf? A metro-gnome....
The 1873 act was called “The Crime of ’73”.
Counsel in the heart of man is like deep water; but a man of understanding will draw it out.
Never waste an opportunity to tell someone you love them.
I'll make my own theme park, with blackjack and hookers!
The U.S. stopped minting gold coins in 1933.
Sweden issued the first banknotes in Europe.
Well, I'd love to stay and chat but you're a total bitch.
Lost coins only make everyone else's coins worth slightly more.
Do not seek praise, seek criticism.
Tell it like it is.
Don't let the bastards grind you down.
Why did Mrs. Grape leave Mr. Grape? She was tired of raisin kids.
Bitcoins have no dividend or potential future dividend, therefore not like a stock.
The U.S. once had a central bank abolished by Andrew Jackson.
I didn't know freedom meant people doing stuff that sucks.
The first U.S. paper money was issued in 1861.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
For whosoever shall keep the whole law, and yet offend in one point, he is guilty of all.
Everybody makes mistakes.
For it is written, that Abraham had two sons, the one by a bondmaid, the other by a freewoman.
What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
Lemon and salt works wonders on tarnished brass.
It is easy to sit up and take notice, what's difficult is getting up and taking action.
Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight; yet I will look again toward thy holy temple.
Fed notes are legal tender, not metal-backed.
The euro replaced 19 national currencies.
Greece joined eurozone in 2001.
Dr. Kellogg introduced Kellogg`s Corn Flakes in hopes that it would reduce masturbation.
The name Wendy was made up for the book "Peter Pan."
U.S. two-dollar bills still exist.
What do you call two crows? Attempted murder.
It's unlucky to be superstitious.
In 2002, the most popular boat name in the U.S. was Liberty
Learn from your mistakes.
If you don't want something to be public, don't post it on the Internet.
Sometimes, you just need to say sorry. Even if it's not your fault.
I thought the dryer shrank my clothes.. turns out it was the refrigerator
I wanted to put a pizza joke here ...but it was too saucy.
It always seems impossible, until it's done.
Try going commando to an important meeting, NB: don't wear a skirt.
The Great Depression began in 1929.
For God is my record, how greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ.
And we have seen and do testify that the Father sent the Son to be the Saviour of the world.
What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
When the cistern is filling, the seat is probably still warm.
The Bank of England was founded in 1694 to fund war.
What do you call a slice of bread from another country? An immigraint.
Weddings are basically funerals with a cake.
The hardest things to say are usually the most important.
The U.S. dollar was backed by gold until 1971.
You don't need to floss all of your teeth. Only the ones you want to keep.
What are twins favorite fruits? Pears
The IMF is funded by member quotas, not investors.
The world record for spitting a watermelon seed is 65 feet 4 inches.
Maybe I could just stay the same forever.
The Coinage Act of 1792 created the U.S. Mint.
If you can't do anything about it, there's no point in worrying about it.
Alaska once used Russian rubles.
Never run a marathon in Crocs.
Do something selfless.
It was repealed in 1999.
A double minded man is unstable in all his ways.
Each year there are approximately 20 billion coconuts produced worldwide
What is Paula Deen's favorite insect? The Butterfly
Don't take life too seriously.
Most money exists only as digital ledger entries.
The first credit card appeared in 1950.
If you get stuck, try doing the opposite of what the solution requires.
We have no leaders. We follow only the will of the forest.
Turn jeans inside out when washing them to help preserve their colour.
Canadian $1 coins are called “loonies”.
South Africa’s Krugerrand is pure gold.
China’s digital yuan is in public trials.
The average price for a major league baseball game in 2004 is $19.82
SDR basket includes USD, EUR, CNY, JPY, GBP.
Interbank lending sets overnight rates.
I don't like going to funerals early in the day. I'm not much of a mourning person.
Share positive energy.
"Stay strong!" I said to my wi-fi signal.
And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
What is black, white, and red all over? A Communist Propaganda film from the 1930s.
The FDIC was created in 1933 during the Great Depression.
Quality beats quantity.
Sugar Bear (the mascot for Golden Crisps cereal) was born in 1963
Elizabeth Taylor has appeared on the cover of Life magazine more than anyone else
Cats have over one hundred vocal sounds, while dogs only have about ten.
Don't eat anything your grandparents wouldn't recognise as food.
To get riggity riggity wrecked son!
Be a good lover.
Silver tarnishes, gold does not.
Bank secrecy laws vary worldwide.
Cats urine glows under a black light.
Barbie`s measurements, if she were life-size, would be 39-29-33.
The LORD is high above all nations, and his glory above the heavens.
Why wait until valentines day for a romantic gesture?
“Too big to fail” banks get bailouts.
Zimbabwe abandoned its currency in 2009.
You're getting all hung up on imaginary problems you gotta focus on what's real man.
I make this appeal to WikiLeaks not to try to use Bitcoin.
Receive him therefore in the Lord with all gladness; and hold such in reputation:
Did you hear about the French chef who committed suicide? He lost the huile d'olive
Monopoly money was once accepted in Canada (as a joke).
Eliminate the unnecessary.
You have as many hours in a day as the people you admire most.
Switzerland only joined the IMF in 1992.
IMF sold gold to fund lending.
The storage capacity of human brain exceeds 4 Terabytes.
China has more English speakers than the United States
IMF can’t print money like central banks.
The U.S. held silver stockpiles until 1967.
Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him: but the just shall live by his faith.
Don't burn bridges.
Some countries tax cash withdrawals.
U.S. paper money is mostly cotton.
Never set an alarm clock unless you know how to switch it off
FDIC covers up to $250,000 per depositor.
Why are giraffes slow to apologize? It takes them a long time to swallow their pride
They say unto him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.
The IMF uses “Special Drawing Rights” currency.
For he hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods.
Did you hear about the neutron who was arrested? He was held without charge.
If you don't like the opinion you've been given, get another one.
First ATM appeared in London in 1967.
IMF membership is now 190 countries.
Your smile could make someone's day, don't forget to wear it.
Gold rushes increased money supply.
Chinese Crested dogs can get acne
My life, and by extension everyone else's, is meaningless.
Japan’s ¥1 coin is made of aluminum.
What's a blind person's favorite fast food joint? Taco Braille
The best nights out are when people around you are simply having fun.
Women manage the money and pay the bills in  75% of all Americans households.
Negative interest rates exist in some countries.
Everyone's scared of love, dipshit. You'll learn that in your '20s.
Smile and the world smiles with you. Frown and you're on your own.
Being kind is more rewarding than being right.
Ecuador uses the U.S. dollar.
What do you call people who pretend to be Irish on St. Patrick's Day? Counterfitz
More people are killed by donkeys annually than are killed in plane crashes
Everything matters, but nothing matters that much.
The "naked recreation and travel" industry has grown by 233% in the past decade
Silver was demonetized in many nations.
Bitcoin launched in 2009.
Don't be afraid to ask questions.
Don't waste food.
Give up your seat for someone who needs it.
Before 1928, yo-yos used to be called bandalores in the United States
Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... ba-dum tss
How does everyone feel about the B symbol with the two lines through the outside?
Conception occurs most in the month of December.
People get built different. We don't need to figure it out, we just need to respect it.
The ruble collapsed in 1998.
The U.S. debt ceiling was first set in 1917.
When something goes wrong in life, just shout "plot twist!" and carry on.
Iceland let banks fail in 2008.
Hyperinflation in Zimbabwe once reached 79.6 billion percent.
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.
Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we shall be saved from wrath through him.
Enjoy a little nonsense now and then.
Plant a tree.
If there's massive deflation in the future, the software could show more decimal places.
The husbandman that laboureth must be first partaker of the fruits.
You're not that important; it's what you do that counts.
Brexit didn’t affect UK pound usage.
National Bank Notes were issued by private banks.
Why did the shark go to the doctor? He had a bite on his fin.
A lion which is strongest among beasts, and turneth not away for any;
It's the opposite of when a government prints money and the value of existing money goes down.
Have a firm handshake.
What do you do if a cow is in the middle of the road you're driving on? steer clear
Global debt exceeds global GDP.
You never really grow up.
The 1933 double eagle is illegal to own.
Don't feed Mogwais after midnight.
IMF headquarters is in Washington, D.C.
There is nothing more dangerous than cheerful mediocrity.
Swiss franc is known for stability.
Virginia Woolf wrote all her books standing.
The silver is mine, and the gold is mine, saith the LORD of hosts.
U.S. silver certificates ended in 1964.
No one knows anyone else in the way you do.
The Secret Service was created to fight currency counterfeiting.
But in every nation he that feareth him, and worketh righteousness, is accepted with him.
It might make sense just to get some in case it catches on.
Bretton Woods pegged currencies to gold.
The Plaza Accord revalued currencies in 1985.
The Fed survived the 2008 crisis without audit.
Grace be unto you, and peace, from God our Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ.
Why did peanut butter flop at the talent show? He didn't have the right jam.
As you get older, learn never to trust a fart.
You're still learning English - it’s the language you speak! How dumb are you?
Try to pay at least one person a compliment every day.
Euro coins have national designs on one side.
The Federal Reserve was created in 1913 by the Federal Reserve Act.
Don't wear clean trousers when walking your dog in the park.
The target time between blocks will probably be 10 minutes.
Why couldn't the melons be together? Everyone knows melons cantaloupe.
The sweat drops drawn in cartoon comic strips are called pleuts.
First polymer banknotes were in Australia.
Then shall the man be guiltless from iniquity, and this woman shall bear her iniquity.
I'm not a hero. I'm a scientist.
The euro’s symbol (€) was unveiled in 1996.
Wooden nickels were used during the Depression.
Don't take it personally.
The Fed’s dual mandate is jobs and prices.
The Flintstones cartoon was the first thirty-minute cartoon to be aired during prime time
Before 1913, the U.S. Treasury issued currency.
Always seek out advice or opinions when making a decision.
Credit unions are member-owned banks.
Intelligent people have more zinc and copper in their hair.
Panama uses U.S. dollars and balboas.
Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experience.
Contactless payments use NFC.
Singapore and Brunei dollars are interchangeable.
Argentina defaulted in 2001.
Ask your doctor if left is right for you.
The Petrodollar system began in 1974.
You know, I was God once.
Annual growth of WWW traffic is 314,000%
All I’m saying is pie tastes better with Cool Hwip!
Learn to handle criticism.
Oh, bitch! You got jacked, bitch!
These be they who separate themselves, sensual, having not the Spirit.
The smarter you are, the more you know. Happiness is a trap. It can't last forever.
LIBOR once set global loan rates.
Peanuts are one of the ingredients of dynamite.
Stop using the term "busy" as an excuse.
Orcas (killer whales), when traveling in groups, breathe in unison
Math problem: I had 1000 chocolate bars and ate 999. What do I have now? Diabetes.
Winter is coming.
The IMF began with 44 founding member countries.
How much do pirates pay for earrings? about a buck an ear.
A nod is as good as a wink to a blind horse.
Life is better when you sing about bananas.
It's not about who likes you, it's about who you like.
U.S. half-cent coin existed until 1857.
Most American car horns honk in the key of F.
Don't ever name files or folders using the word "Final".
When faced with a choice, do both.
Wherefore, my beloved brethren, let every man be swift to hear, slow to speak, slow to wrath:
Fail. Fail again. Fail better.
Salt was once used as money.
Pucks hit by hockey sticks have reached speeds of up to 150 miles per hour
Do, or do not. There is no try.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? ....a fssshhh...
Hey sexy mama, wanna kill all humans?
On average, Americans eat 18 acres of pizza everyday.
ATMs once used paper vouchers, not cards.
Try using an old idea.
One gallon of pure maple syrup weighs 11 pounds
Some people would be better off if they took their own advice.
FDIC was created in 1933 for deposit insurance.
IMF conditionality can be controversial.
Norway’s currency is the krone.
IMF loans often require policy reforms.
Damn you vile woman! You've impeded my work since the day I escaped from your wretched womb.
World Bank once issued bonds in Deutschmarks.
You can have too much of a good thing.
U.S. silver certificates could be redeemed for silver.
Don't always rely on your comforts.
IMF surveillance monitors economies.
Central banks still hold gold reserves.
Only those who attempt the impossible can achieve the absurd.
Eat food. Not too much, mostly plants.
Every breath I take without your permission raises my self-esteem!
Platinum coins are legal tender in the U.S.
Silver was demonetized in 1873.
The average lifespan of an eyelash is five months.
The U.S. dollar became world reserve in 1944.
Once you find a really good friend don't do anything that could mess up your friendship.
For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins.
Istanbul, Turkey is the only city in the world located on two continents
Step 1. Give a shit. Step 2. Don't be a dick. Step 3. Know when to let go.
There are six million parts in the Boeing 747-400.
Kelsey Grammar sings and plays the piano for the theme song of Fraiser.
A trillion-dollar coin idea has been proposed.
Why did the man throw his watch out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
How did the musician catch his fish? He castanet
Gratitude is said to be the secret to happiness.
Everything in moderation, including moderation itself.
Al Capone`s business card said he was a used furniture dealer.
Many countries have no reserve requirement.
Canada’s central bank formed in 1934.
Is not the meat cut off before our eyes, yea, joy and gladness from the house of our God?
Fort Knox holds over 4,500 metric tons of gold.
The ram which thou sawest having two horns are the kings of Media and Persia.
Today, do not use the words "Kind of", "Sort of" or "Maybe". It either is or it isn't.
Now he which stablisheth us with you in Christ, and hath anointed us, is God;
Fedwire began in 1918 for interbank transfers.
Beloved, if our heart condemn us not, then have we confidence toward God.
Bank mergers reduce competition.
What is Mozart doing right now? *Decomposing*
A dragonfly has a lifespan of 24 hours.
Time is an illusion that helps things make sense.
Sometimes science is more art than science.
Look people in the eye.
Don't try and bump start a motorcycle on an icy road.
What type of grain uses profanity? Vulgar Wheat
The quieter you become, the more you can hear.
In Vermont, the ratio of cows to people is 10:1
For some are already turned aside after Satan.
What type of doctor prescribes Coke and 7-up for a living? A Poptometrist!
The first TONKA truck was made in 1947
The World Bank lends for development projects.
What do you call Washington State after a long rain storm? Washed a Ton State.
Did you hear about the kidnapping in Delaware? Don't worry, he eventually woke up.
Bretton Woods was in New Hampshire, USA.
The Bahamas pegs its dollar to the U.S. dollar.
Life can be a lot more interesting inside your head.
Try to not compliment people on things they don't control.
Always the burrito.
Thy words have upholden him that was falling, and thou hast strengthened the feeble knees.
If you're going bald, don't comb your hair over your bald patch.
To live life, you need problems.
Always get two ciders.
Work is never as important as you think it is.
The U.S. once minted three-cent coins.
*THUD* "What was that?" "My pants fell down." "...Why so loud?" "I'm wearing them."
Never buy cheap cling film.
Why was the scarecrow promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field!
2.5 cans of Spam are consumed every second in the United States
The higher up you are in a company, the more likely it is that your boss is a psychopath.
If you need cheering up, try searching online for photos of kittens.
Husbands, love your wives, and be not bitter against them.
The Fed’s interest rate changes affect global markets.
Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time:
Five thousandths of a millimeter is the tolerance of accuracy at the LEGO mould factories
Keep it simple.
I can make a movie with my hand. All it takes is a FLICK of the wrist!
From henceforth let no man trouble me: for I bear in my body the marks of the Lord Jesus.
Hawaii overprinted notes in WWII.
Only 6 people in the whole world have died from moshing.
Bank failures can wipe out uninsured deposits.
Federal Reserve Notes replaced earlier notes.
During WWII, U.S. rationed coins for war metals.
“Greenbacks” were Civil War emergency currency.
A bitcoin address must be kept to show ownership of anything sent to it.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
Before 1913, U.S. currency was issued by the U.S. Treasury.
(For the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth;)
This is the happiest moment of my life.
What do you call a cashew in space? An astronut.
The average person spends 6 months of their life sitting at red lights.
If you want to be happily married, marry a happy person.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
When hugging, hug with both arms and apply reasonable, affectionate pressure.
A common regret in life is wishing one hadn't worked so hard.
What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish? The PETRI dish!
Wisdom is too high for a fool: he openeth not his mouth in the gate.
Rule number 1: Try not to die. Rule number 2: Don't be a dick.
Silver certificates ended in the 1960s.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing.
The more ideas that you give away, the more ideas that will come to you.
Value the people in your life.
Always block trolls.
What did the host serve his guests for The Simpsons marathon night? Disco Stew!
Chip-and-PIN tech began in France.
The Panic of 1907 led to Fed creation.
Nobody exists on purpose. Nobody belongs anywhere.
Who is the image of the invisible God, the firstborn of every creature:
Now God himself and our Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ, direct our way unto you.
World Bank was created alongside IMF.
The receiver of a payment must wait an hour or so before believing that it's valid.
The euro was introduced in 1999.
Wubba lubba dub dub!
38% of American men say they love their cars more than women
Don't cross the streams.
Bank runs collapse solvent banks too.
What do you call someone who serves smelly drinks? a Fartender
What do you call a smart pig? Swinestein.
But I say unto you, That in this place is one greater than the temple.
Pedantry is fine, unless you're on the receiving end. And not a pedant.
Why did the rope get put in timeout? Because he was very knotty.
The IMF was funded by member nation quotas, not private investors.
Brush your teeth the moment you get up.
Want to hear a dirty joke? This boy trips and falls into some mud.
Federal Reserve notes are legal tender but not backed by metals.
Where’s my money! Where’s my money! Yeah u got money to pay for fake mustaches huh!
The IMF was created in 1944 at the Bretton Woods Conference.
I don't need to feel like I'm waiting to be noticed.
Giggity.
For he that biddeth him God speed is partaker of his evil deeds.
Respect your elders.
Opinions are like arseholes, everyone has one.
World Bank founded in 1944.
Don’t give your sugar to jerks.
It's always the quiet ones.
He's not a hot girl. He can't just bail on his life and set up shop in someone elses.
The most important thing is the thing most easily forgotten.
Accept advice.
U.S. interest rates hit 20% in 1980.
NASCAR stands for National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing
Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue!
You will always regret the round of JÃ¤germeister.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Don't judge a book by its cover, unless it has a synopsis on the back.
Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand!
There's snakes in space? THERE'S LITERALLY EVERYTHING IN SPACE, MORTY!
U.S. gold reserves are at Fort Knox.
Identify sources of happiness.
Mobile wallets store card data digitally.
Can you tell me what you call a person from Corsica? Course a can.
You beat cancer and then went back to work at the carpet store? Boooo!
U.S. coins were once real silver or gold.
If you've nothing nice to say, say nothing.
Shakespeare spelled his OWN name several different ways.
Gold was confiscated from U.S. citizens in 1933 by Executive Order.
LIBOR is being replaced by SOFR.
The sun always shines above the clouds.
Central Bank Digital Currencies are being tested.
All the days that he separateth himself unto the LORD he shall come at no dead body.
Play is the true mother of invention.
Something weird might just be something familiar viewed from a different angle.
Today's my cake day! And I'm going to eat it too!
O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusteth in him.
In 1810, Peter Durand invented the tin can for preserving food
Respect other people's opinions, even when they differ from your own.
You could say coins are issued by the majority.
$2 bills are printed in small batches.
A common regret in life is wishing one had the courage to be ones true self.
They're beurecrats, Morty, I don't respect them!
Offshore banks operate outside home regulation.
The U.S. Treasury once issued “Greenbacks” during the Civil War.
What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? Utter destruction!
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a few payments.
Don't do that, don't pretend like you know how this works you have no idea.
Bitcoin addresses you generate are kept forever.
Fed rate hikes ripple worldwide.
Euro banknotes launched in 2002.
Gold bars are stored in central bank vaults.
The U.S. had no income tax before 1913.
First U.S. paper money issued in 1861.
Fractional reserve banking multiplies deposits.
Swiss francs have vertical designs.
If Texas were a country, its GNP would be the fifth largest of any country in the world.
Don't promise what you can't deliver.
Always double check you actually attached the file to the email.
Elephants are the only animals that can`t jump.
It is illegal to eat oranges while bathing in California.
The largest banknote ever was 100,000 pesos (Philippines).
Scallops have approximately 100 eyes around the edge of its shell
The Fed has 12 regional reserve banks.
The Bank of England was founded in 1694 to fund a war.
It has NEVER rained in Calama, a town in the Atacama Desert of Chile.
Music is powerful man, it speaks to a primal part of our brains.
IMF gold sales fund operations.
What is a spectre's favorite theme park attraction? The Roller Ghoster
Bite my shiny metal ass!
Don't give a speech. Put on a show.
Be ye therefore ready also: for the Son of man cometh at an hour when ye think not.
Don't use Excel or Powerpoint documents for your basic word processing needs.
Remember that spiders are more afraid of you, than you are of them.
It costs about 3 cents to make a $1 bill in the United States
Wherefore be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is.
Always bet on black.
Nixon ended dollar-gold convertibility in 1971.
It's not like the internet to go crazy about something small and stupid.
1 in 8 Americans has worked at a McDonalds restaurant.
The typical lead pencil can draw a line that is thirty five miles long
What happened to the tyrannical fruit? He was impeached!
A monkey was once tried and convicted for smoking a cigarette in South Bend, Indiana
$100,000 bills were for bank use only.
Rai stones are giant stone money from Yap.
A one ounce milk chocolate bar has 6 mg of caffeine
What age were pigs discovered in? The Saus Age.
The IMF began with 44 founding member nations.
In 1873, Colgate made a toothpaste that was available in a jar
If you don't ask, you don't get.
I'd like to stay and chat, but you're a total bitch.
Exercise in the rain can really make you feel alive.
70% of all boats sold are used for fishing.
Measure twice, cut once.
Again, if two lie together, then they have heat: but how can one be warm alone?
No "brand" is your friend.
Switzerland joined the IMF in 1992.
If you don't believe it or don't get it, I don't have the time to try to convince you, sorry.
Mars is the home of Olympus Mons, the largest known volcano in our solar system
But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
Why did the packaged green onion get into trouble? Because it was a wrapped scallion.
John Lennon`s first girlfriend was named Thelma Pickles.
The IMF’s largest shareholder is the United States.
The U.S. military operates 234 golf courses
Here's a funny joke I heard about pizza oh nevermind. It's too cheesy.
Tigers not only have striped fur, they have striped skin!
Taking photos with tablet devices looks weird.
IMF quotas reflect economic size.
Alan Greenspan served 19 years as Fed chair.
How many ears does Captain Picard have? A right ear. A left ear. And a final front ear.
The IMF’s SDR is a basket of currencies.
Dying together sucks a little less than dying alone.
Banks create money through lending.
Serving ice cream on cherry pie was once illegal in Kansas
Janet Yellen was the first female Fed chair.
You've got to really be careful when ingesting shoes... cause they're usually laced
Where do toilets live? Porcel Lane.
And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.
Canadian $2 coins are “toonies”.
I'm back! And with a full tank of gas, and a questionable cache of firearms.
Length of beard an average man would grow if he never shaved 27.5 feet
The best sex is fun.
I have approximate knowledge of many things.
Don’t break an arm jerking yourself off.
Banks create money by issuing loans, not just holding deposits.
Asthma affects one in fifteen children under the age of eighteen
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken didn't exist.
Life is effort and I'll stop when I die!
It's like sex, but i'm having it!
Bank holidays closed U.S. banks in 1933.
Coins in the U.S. were once made of real silver and gold.
You could sell your soul. I did and look at me. I'm fine.
It takes a very rare, very powerful being to be terrified of happiness.
Do not check work email on your days off.
Repeat people's names when you meet them.
My art is a weapon.
I'm sorry, but your opinion means very little to me.
The Fed is privately owned with public oversight.
Shell money was used in Africa and Asia.
Hold the door open for the next person.
Hello China, I have something you may want, but it's going to cost you. That's right, all the tea.
What do you call an Italian guy with a rubber toe? Roberto
Confederate money became worthless in 1865.
Largest U.S. bill ever was $100,000.
When you look around and don't see anyone you respect, its time to leave.
And ye shall seek me, and find me, when ye shall search for me with all your heart.
Remedy tickly coughs with a drink of honey, lemon and water as hot as you can take.
The fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of the mouth is called Arachibutyrophobia
When is the month when the most trees fall? Sep-timber
People make mistakes. It’s a part of growing up, and we never stop growing.
It's like there's a party in my mouth and everybody's throwing up.
What's the difference between a fish and a guitar? You can't tuna fish!
If it still itches after a week, go to the doctors.
Do you think George Clooney has an iTunes playlist called Clooney Tunes?
Most lipstick contains fish scales
If you teach me to shoot I’ll teach you to regret teaching me to shoot.
To cleanly remove the seed from an Avocado, lay a knife firmly across it, and twist.
Honey is the only food which does not spoil.
Cigarettes were currency in WWII camps.
Good things come to those who wait.
Don't always believe what you think.
Payday loans carry huge interest rates.
The euro is used by 20 EU countries.
What could you increase? What could you reduce?
It's wrong to be right.
Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
In England, the Speaker of the House is not allowed to speak.
In the White House, there are 13,092 knives, forks and spoons!
When you do things right, people won't be sure you've done anything at all.
SDRs can’t be used by private citizens.
The person who never made a mistake never made anything.
I thank my God, making mention of thee always in my prayers,
Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
NBA superstar Michael Jordan was originally cut from his high school basketball team.
Gold once backed most world currencies.
Shadow banking operates outside regulation.
The Gastric Flu can cause projectile vomiting
Bank stress tests measure crisis readiness.
Counterfeiting is a federal crime in the U.S.
What does a baker wear on his feet? Loafers.
Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference.
Of married couples, 70% of men and 60% of women have cheated on their spouse
Pitcher Darold Knowles once pitched all seven games of one World Series
I'm not a hero, I'm a delivery boy.
Fractional reserve banking allows lending more than deposits.
True happiness always resides in the quest.
Canadian $1 and $2 bills were replaced by coins.
Wanna hear a dirty joke? Two white stallions fell in the mud.
Old UK pennies were huge coins.
How does it feel to be the least cultured person at a bus station?
Barbie`s full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
Stop procrastinating.
Japan’s central bank was founded in 1882.
The Federal Reserve has 12 regional banks across the U.S.
Secret Service was created to fight counterfeits.
Venezuela redenominated the bolivar in 2018.
WHAT is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WAH TAHH!!!!
What did earth say to the other planets? You guys have no life!
SWIFT enables global wire transfers.
When is a door not a door? When it's a jar
O keep my soul, and deliver me: let me not be ashamed; for I put my trust in thee.
What do they call a monastery key that opens all doors? Monk key.
Checks predate paper currency.
The euro was introduced as a currency in 1999.
Microfinance loans target the poor.
A long walk alone with some time to think, can work wonders.
Fed governors serve 14-year terms.
Some nations peg to baskets of currencies.
Age is of no importance, unless you are a cheese.
Bank of Canada is a Crown corporation.
If your hair is thinning, try dying your hair a similar tone to your scalp.
What do you call a cavator that isn't a cavator anymore? an EXcavator
The U.S. tried $1 coins multiple times.
Vinegar is a powerful cleaning agent.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open!
The Fed’s first chair was Charles Hamlin.
The Gold Standard Act passed in 1900.
Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the Son of God, God dwelleth in him, and he in God.
Drink a glass of water before meals.
I farted on an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels.
Never run with scissors.
What is my strength, that I should hope? and what is mine end, that I should prolong my life?
What do caves have? Echosystems.
Where do you buy Pikmin from? The Oli-Mart
The Swiss franc briefly unpegged from euro in 2015.
One-third pound stalk of broccoli contains more vitamin C than 204 apples
In 1933, gold was confiscated from Americans.
What's stopping you?
This is the worst kind of discrimination. The kind against me!
State the problem in words as clearly as possible.
Gold is measured in troy ounces.
Why was the school grey? Because it was a Greyed School.
Life is short enough, don't race to the finish.
The yuan joined SDR basket in 2016.
I'm exactly where I need to be.
The ECB is in Frankfurt, Germany.
Clean up my poop.
El Salvador adopted Bitcoin in 2021.
UK stopped making copper pennies in 1992.
If anybody's gonna take that bitch down, it's gonna be me.
Mercy is the better part of justice.
The U.S. Federal Reserve was created in 1913.
The project needs to grow gradually so the software can be strengthened along the way.
Don't be afraid of silly ideas.
A snail can sleep for three years.
